[Music]
father
the goddess of death destroyed your
hammer like a piece of glass
by hammer
go near a cold
quite unique was made from this special
metal from the heart of a dying star
every time I threw it you always come
back to me I could harness lightning
make energy blots and when I spun it
really really fast it gave me the
ability to fly
[Music]
you murder Hema no I do I didn't ride
down the hemorrhoid you on your back no
no I I you should spin it really fast if
we pull me off but oh my god
the ground would pull me off the ground
up into the air and I would fly sounds
like you had a pretty special and
intimate relationship with this hammer
and then losing it was almost comparable
to losing a loved one it's a nice way of
putting it
[Music]